Added a scenario when OSv2 is re-enabled (#75)
mulesoft/docs-object-store: modules/ROOT/pages/osv2-faq.adoc

Object Store v2 performs I/O for each read and write. With Object Store v2, the API call is localized to the
same data center as the Runtime Manager app.

> == What happens when OSv2 option is changed from disabled to enabled status?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What happens when you reenable the *Use Object Store v2* option after disabling it?
```

Author: Hi hannanelson, the suggested change "What happens when you enable the *Use Object Store v2* option?" is not clear as the option is enabled by default. The Q/A IS more about the output of re-enabling the osv2 option where the osv2 option is changed from un-ticked to re-ticked status.

Reviewer 2: @hannanelson , Since this is only for the scenario where the customer enables->disables->enables, should we change it to reflect this ?

Reviewer: @yunmei-zhang , @schinthakindims - clarified

> By default, OSv2 is enabled when deploying the CloudHub application. If the OSv2 option is disabled then re-enabled from Runtime Manager GUI, the original key/value pairs stay if the key/value pair TTL is not expired. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the *Use Object Store v2* option is enabled when deploying the CloudHub application. If you disable and then reenable this option in Runtime Manager, the original key-value pairs persist as long as the key-value pair TTL is not expired. 
```

> By default, the *Use Object Store v2* option is enabled when deploying the CloudHub application. If you disable and then reenable this option in Runtime Manager, the original key-value pairs persist as long as the key-value pair TTL is not expired. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, the *Use Object Store v2* option is enabled during CloudHub application deployment. If you disable and then reenable this option in Runtime Manager, the original key-value pairs persist as long as the key-value pair TTL is not expired. 
```
